Ah!
Ah, Xu Yun Japan, you are also a ghost.
Waiting for you to die
I have always protected you when you were young
If I really want to hurt you
How could you possibly be alive today?
I can't protect him and dare to spoil my good deeds
You both have to die carefully
Chu Yun, hurry up
I stopped him.
Sister, I blamed you for this.
I won't leave you here alone
To go together
Where are you going, lad?
Here comes another one.
Sister, hurry up, I'm a burden here
You go first.
Bad idea
I can protect you when you grow up and keep you safe
Master is not noisy
I have to die with you
Hahahaha, he is really touching.
I can't bear to start
Old woman, come to me
Come and dare to touch my Zhang family, I'm tired of living